Update calendar.google.markdown (#16107)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/calendar.google.markdown

1. You then need to select a `Support email`. To do this, simply click the drop down box and select your email address.
1. You finally need to complete the section: `Developer contact information`. To do this, simply enter your email address (same as above is fine).
1. Scroll to the bottom and click `save`. (You don't have to fill out anything else)

> 1. You will then be automatically taken to the OAuth consent screen, you do not need to add any scopes here so click 'SAVE AND CONTINUE' to move to the 'Test users' page. You will need to add the gmail address you will be using with this integration as a test user before you will be allowed to use the API. Once you have added your email address under 'Test users' click 'SAVE AND CONTINUE' which will take to to the 'Summary' page (you do not need to do anything here).

Reviewer: Small tweak to match the rest of the page styling
```suggestion
1. You will then be automatically taken to the OAuth consent screen, you do not need to add any scopes here so click `SAVE AND CONTINUE` to move to the `Test users` page. You will need to add the Gmail address you will be using with this integration as a test user before you will be allowed to use the API. Once you have added your email address under `Test users` click `SAVE AND CONTINUE` which will take to to the 'Summary' page (you do not need to do anything here).
```

  default: true
{% endconfiguration %}

> The next time you run or restart Home Assistant, you should find a new notification (the little bell icon in the lower left corner). Click on that notification it will give you a link and an authentication code. Click on that link to open a Google website where you should enter the code found in the notification (**NOTE**: You may get a message telling you that the API has not been verified and you will need to acknowledge that in order to proceed). This will grant your Home Assistant service read-only access to all the Google Calendars that the account you authenticate with can read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next time you run or restart Home Assistant, you should find a new notification (the little bell icon in the lower-left corner). Click on that notification it will give you a link and an authentication code. Click on that link to open a Google website where you should enter the code found in the notification (**NOTE**: You may get a message telling you that the API has not been verified and you will need to acknowledge that in order to proceed). This will grant your Home Assistant service read-only access to all the Google Calendars that the account you authenticate with can read.
```
